caventa

medium

# It is impossible to submit 2 or more orders with similar attributes if the nonce is accidentally set to type(uint).max

## Summary
It is impossible to submit 2 or more orders with similar attributes if the nonce is accidentally set to type(uint).max.

## Vulnerability Detail
**Excluding nonce,** 
every order has the following attributes

- premium
- collateral
- validity
- expiry
- fee
- maker
- asset;
- collection
- isBull

And every sell order has the following attributes

- orderHash
- price
- start
- end
- maker
- asset
- whitelist
- isBull

In some situations, the user may submit more than 1 order / sell order with the same attributes. This is not allowed if the nonce is always the same. Looking at the setMinimumValidNonce (See BvbProtocol.sol#L621-L627) and setMinimumValidNonceSell (See BvbProtocol.sol#L633-L639) functions, if the user accidentally set the value to type(uint).max, they cannot set the nonce to another smaller value. Therefore, they are not allowed to submit multiple orders with the same attributes but with different nonces. For normal order, ORDER_ALREADY_MATCHED error will be thrown and for sell order, SELL_ORDER_ALREADY_BOUGHT error will be thrown if the user submits the same nonce for similar order or sell order.

## Impact
The user is unable to submit more than 1 order with the same attributes.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-bullvbear/blob/main/bvb-protocol/src/BvbProtocol.sol#L621-L627
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-bullvbear/blob/main/bvb-protocol/src/BvbProtocol.sol#L633-L639
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-bullvbear/blob/main/bvb-protocol/test/unit/MyTest5.t.sol#L39-L178

## Tool used
Manual Review and added a test unit (See MyTest5.t.sol#L39-L178)

## Recommendation
Disallow users to setMinimumValidNonce and setMinimumValidNonceSell by themself.  This should be executed by the owner only.