pashov

medium

# The protocol does not support fee-on-transfer or rebasing ERC20 tokens

## Summary
The protocol won't function correctly if the ERC20 token used in an order has a fee-on-transfer mechanism or a rebasing mechanism

## Vulnerability Detail
Some tokens take a transfer fee (e.g. STA, PAXG), some do not currently charge a fee but may do so in the future (e.g. USDT, USDC). Also some tokens may make arbitrary balance modifications outside of transfers (e.g. Ampleforth style rebasing tokens).

Since there is a moment that a contract holds ERC20 balance, because it does
`IERC20(order.asset).safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), takerPrice);` and `IERC20(order.asset).safeTransferFrom(order.maker, address(this), makerPrice);` in `matchOrder()` this presents a problem. The balance the contract is expected to hold is both the `takerPrice` or `makerPrice` plus the bull/bear fees. We have three problematic scenarios:
1. The token had a fee-on-transfer mechanism and now the contract actually holds less balance than the order price + fees
2. The token had a rebasing mechanism, and even though there was a time the contract did hold the right amount of tokens, now there was a rebase event and the balance is now lower
3. Same as 2. but the balance is now higher

For 1. and 2. either the protocol will have a problem (on claiming fees) or the protocol users (on receiving order payment). On 3. the protocol will have excess funds stuck in it.

## Impact
The impact is the protocol won't be functioning with the mentioned tokens, they are a special type of ERC20 tokens, but since both USDT and USDC might add it, I rate this as Medium severity.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-bullvbear/blob/main/bvb-protocol/src/BvbProtocol.sol#L354

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
For fee-on-transfer tokens, the best solution to support them is to check the contract's balance before and after the transfer and to only cache/validate the difference amount. For rebasing tokens it's good to have a mechanism to get the excess tokens out (like a rescueExcessERC20() method) and it is good to add functionality for an order maker to accept a slightly less amount for his order.

Of course another solution is to just add a disclaimer that you do not support such tokens at all, but it was mentioned that USDC will be supported and since it is upgradeable it is possible that they add a fee-on-transfer mechanism.