Tajobin

high

# Fake SellOrders and Orders can be used for price manipulation

## Summary

The order book is of central importance on any options marketplace. The integrity of the orders are important both from a product quality perspective and as a defense against market manipulation. An order book that is populated by orders that are thought to be verifiably correct but that in practice are impossible to match or buy is exposed to a price manipulation attack.

## Vulnerability Detail

Both Orders and SellOrders can be created that pass their respective `checkIsValid` calls but that are not viable in practice. Creating fake Orders is simply done by not approving the assets needed, this is quite obvious and a reasonable front-end could check if users have approved enough assets. This might not be obvious to third parties that could create alternative marketplaces for BvB. Users/front-end would also have to check that enough has been approved to cover the sum of all orders from a maker. 

SellOrders can be faked in a more subtle way. SellOrders that pass `checkIsValidSellOrder()` should be viable since there are no other dependencies on the maker of the SellOrder, it is therefore reasonable to believe that SellOrders that pass the checkIsValidSellOrder are legitimate orders. An actor that wishes to create fake sellOrders could do so by creating orders with a very large whiteList that includes many BvB users but that is front padded with fake users, they could easily include all holders of similar contracts by checking orders matched on the blockchain. `checkIsValidSellOrder()` would pass when called as a local function since gas-limits are usually very high when calling local functions since the gas is actually not payed for but it would fail when users are attempting to buy a position with `buyPosition()`. The on-chain cost would be prohibitively expensive due to the calldata cost, the hashing and encoding on L684 and the loop over a large list on line L721

## Impact

Order books are used for price discovery and users take decisions based on what the market is telling them. I will give a simple example of a possible attack:

A malicious actor is on the bull side of X contracts for asset C with the current market price P for the contract. He can now create X fake SellOrders with price K<<P, as these orders hit the market other users with similar contracts will be under the impression that the market price of their contract is significantly lower than it actually is and they would therefore list them at a price <P. The malicious actor would then buy all of those contracts and then cancel all the SellOrders. 

This particular attack requires an investment in contracts. This is not a sunk cost since they will not lose the contracts when manipulating prices. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-bullvbear/blob/main/bvb-protocol/src/BvbProtocol.sol#L721

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-bullvbear/blob/main/bvb-protocol/src/BvbProtocol.sol#L684


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

For users and front-ends to have a guarantee that all Orders they see are legitimate a new function can be added that checks that enough assets have been approved to cover the cost of all visible Orders from a particular maker. 

For SellOrders a limit to the size of the whiteList to a reasonable size would make it very hard to fake these orders. An attacker would be at risk of the orders actually being purchased and the attacker would not be able to fill the list with a large portion of legitimate users to spoof them into thinking that they could execute these trades.
