ak1

high

# Settle contract: bull can abuse the safeTransferfrom even if there is  'try' 'cath'.

## Summary
'settleContract' function uses 'Try Catch' to capture the failure and store the NFT in bull contract. Later on the bull can claim this NFT.

The problem here is, the transaction can still be reverted due to out of gas by implementing some customized logic inside the bull's contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-bullvbear/blob/main/bvb-protocol/src/BvbProtocol.sol#L393-L400

Try catch is used to capture the transaction failure with returned low-level error data.
If failure happens, the catch block will send the NFT to the bull contract.

But, when the bull's contract has some customized logic or loops that will run during this safeTransferfrom and consume most of the gas. The transaction could not be completed.
When the failure reached the catch block, that time there will not enough gas to proceed further. 

So, still the transaction can be reverted.

https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.17/control-structures.html

From soldidity documents, though the caller can have gas to proceed further, there are possibilities that the transaction could revert due to out of gas.

## Impact
NFT can not be transferred to bull contract address. 
When deadline crossed, bull can claim the full amount both collateral and premium 
Bear will suffer.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-bullvbear/blob/main/bvb-protocol/src/BvbProtocol.sol#L393-L400

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of using the try catch, during settlement , transfer the NFT to this contract and send the fund to bear.
Add seperate function to transfer the NFT from (this) contract to bull(receiver) address.
So the receiver can call that function and transfer the NFT from (this) contract.
